feat(developer): kmc-package support remote fonts and files 🐻 (#12667)
keymanapp/keyman: developer/docs/help/reference/file-types/kps.md

Distributed with keyboard:
:   No. This is a development file and should not be distributed.

# File format

## Schema

The schema for .kps is documented at:
https://github.com/keymanapp/keyman/tree/master/common/schemas/kps

## Strings
The optional `<Strings>` section of the file can be included to
customise the text in the bootstrap installer. The default strings are
found in the file:
[strings.xml](https://github.com/keymanapp/keyman/blob/stable-14.0/windows/src/desktop/setup/locale/en/strings.xml).
You can add your own strings for a given package which are used when
compiling as a bundled installer.

## File.Source

The `Name` element may be either a local filename, or a GitHub raw permanent
URL, conforming to the pattern:

```
<Name>https://github.com/{owner}/{repo}/raw/{commit}/[path/]{filename}</Name>
```

> We will add a `Source` element to .kps `Package.Files.File`. We would support
> several sources:
> * local - local file system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will add a `Source` element to .kps `Package.Files.File`. We would support
several sources:
```

…

I don't think local should even be in the list.  It's a bit jarring, as if to have:

> Oil:
> - Heating: fuel oil
> - Frying: vegetable oil
> - Cars: motor oil
> - Salad: olive oil
> - Tortillas: Don't use oil when making tortillas

> We will add a `Source` element to .kps `Package.Files.File`. We would support
> several sources:
> * local - local file system
> * flo - fonts.languagetechnology.org
> * github
> * noto - in the future

Author: ```suggestion
There may a separate `<Source>` element as well, representing the following possible original sources for a file:
* Local file system -- omit the `<Source>` element
* fonts.languagetechnology.org -- `<Source>` should have the pattern `flo:...` 
* `https://github.com/...` -- `<Source>` should have a URL to a file stored in GitHub
* `noto:...` - to be supported in the future

The `<Source>` element is always optional; if it is not present, then kmc-package will not check for updated versions of the source file.
```

> ## local: `<Source>` element is omitted

Reviewer 2: This took me a few re-reads of the part about "`<Source>` element is omitted."
That phrase doesn't appear in the other source headings (flo, github, noto).

Is this conveying for local sources, the `<Source>` element will **always** be omitted? 
vs other sources the `<Source>` element can be omitted?

> This is the same as previous versions. `<Name>` references a file on the local

Reviewer 2: What does  "... same as previous versions." refer to?

Author: Hmm, this means v7, v12 of the format. I can update.

> This is the same as previous versions. `<Name>` references a file on the local
> filesystem. Note that `<Source>` is optional for other sources as well; the
> absence of the element does not mean local -- that is determined by pattern
> match.

Author: ```suggestion
If `<Name>` references a file on the local filesystem, then the
`<Source>` element must be omitted. This matches versions 7.0 and 12.0 
of the .kps format for backward compatibility.

Note that `<Source>` is optional for other sources as well; the
absence of the element does not mean local -- that is determined by pattern
match.
```
